Honor: If you need it defined, you don't have it.
America: The only country that matters. If you want to experience other "cultures", use an atlas or a ham radio.
Buffets: Whenever available, choose quantity over quality.
Teamwork: Work together as if your life depended on it... IT DOES!
Selfishness: Take what's yours
Haircuts: 3 acceptable styles - high and tight, crew cut and buzz cut
Greatness itself: The best revenge
Discipline: The ability to repeat a boring thing over and over again
Attire: Shorts over 6" are capri pants. Shorts under 6" are european
Self-reliance: Trust yourself
Suspicion: Do not trust anyone else
Skim milk: That's right. It's on here twice. Avoid it.
Intensity: Give 100%. 110% is impossible. Only idiots recommend that
Torso: Should be thick and impenetrable
Old wooden sailing ships: They're beautiful
B.O.: Cultivating a manly musk puts your opponents on notice
Stillness: Don't waste energy moving unless necessary
Cursing: There's only one bad word:  Taxes. If any other word is good enough for sailors, it's good enough for you
Friends: one to three is sufficient.
Property rights: They exist. Do not let them be taken away from you.
Masonry: Building walls makes you strong. Defending them makes you even stronger.
Cabins: A place do rent that is made of logs
Perspiration: Only sweat during physical activity or love making. No emotional sweating.
You: You are your biggest ally
Crying: Acceptable at funerals and the Grand Canyon
Frankness: Cut the B.S.
Capitalism: God's way to determining who is smart, and who is poor
Facial hair: Full, thick and square. Nothing sculpted. If you have to sculpt it, that probably means that you can't grow it.
Living in the woods: Living off the land.
Rage: One rage every three months is permitted. Try not to hurt anyone who doesn't deserve it.
Security: Secure the land.
Poise: Sting like a bee. Do not float like a butterfly. That is ridiculous.
Handshakes: Firm. Dry. Solid. 3 seconds.
Body grooming: Only women shave beneath the neck.
Weapons: I approve
Wood working: I approve
Welfare avoidance: I approve
Cow protein: good for you
Pig protein: good for you
Chicken protein: good for you
Romantic love: good for you
Deer protein: good for you
Fish: sport only
