Under my tutelage, you will grow from boys to men. From men into gladiators. And from gladiators into Swansons.
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
[On bowling] “Straight down the middle. No hook, no spin, no fuss. Anything more and this becomes figure skating.
I don’t want to paint with a broad brush here, but every single contractor in the world is a miserable, incompetent thief.
No home is complete without a proper toolbox. Here’s April and Andy’s: A hammer, a half eaten pretzel, a baseball card, some cartridge that says Sonic and Hedgehog, a scissor half, a flashlight filled with jellybeans.
When people get a little too chummy with me I like to call them by the wrong name to let them know I don’t really care about them.
The government is a greedy piglet that suckles on a taxpayer’s teat until they have sore, chapped nipples.
My only official recommendations are US Army-issued mustache trimmers, Morton’s Salt, and the C.R. Lawrence Fein two inch axe-style scraper oscillating knife blade.
Turkey can never beat cow.
It’s always a good idea to demonstrate to your coworkers that you are capable of withstanding a tremendous amount of pain.
There are three acceptable haircuts: high and tight, crew cut, buzz cut.
Capitalism: God’s way of determining who is smart and who is poor.
Crying: acceptable at funerals and the Grand Canyon.
Fish, for sport only, not for meat. Fish meat is practically a vegetable.
There is only one bad word: taxes.
Cultivating a manly musk puts opponent on notice.
Child labor laws are ruining this country.
America: The only country that matters. If you want to experience other ‘cultures,’ use an atlas or a ham radio.
The key to burning an ex-wife effigy is to dip it in paraffin wax and then toss the flaming bottle of isopropyl alcohol from a safe distance. Do not stand too close when you light an ex-wife effigy.
Shorts over six inches are capri pants, shorts under six inches are European.
Friends: one to three is sufficient.
Honor: if you need it defined, you don’t have it.
One rage every three months is permitted. Try not to hurt anyone who doesn’t deserve it.
Only women shave beneath the neck.
It might be cold outside but it's about to get warm all up in my jazz
This might be the first time I've ever wanted to attend an event.
Breakfast food can serve many purposes.
I'm giving you a non-electronic book made of paper from a tree. It is called Auto Repair Manual-1982. You will read this book from cover to cover then you will assist me in repairing the damage to my car. I will not report you to the judge but if you slip up again you will have much more to fear than some feeble government employee in a robe.
I'm the director of Parks and Recreation.
I went to Paunch Burger and got a number two: Double Bacon Grenade Deluxe with hash browns, chili cheese fries, and one poached egg.
Your work is appreciated. Eat some corn.
These people are meat virgins. They'll have been taken by the grill and delicately and tenderly been shown the ways of flavorful meat love. Mmmm...the first time is so beautiful.
In my opinion, not enough people have looked their dinner in the eyes and considered the circle of life. This is your dinner. His name is Tom
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets
I'm not sure I'm interested in that. No, I am sure, I'm not interested in that.
I work hard to make sure my department is as small and as ineffective as possible.
Never half ass two things, whole ass one thing.
I never thought I would say this to you son, but you may be over thinking this
When I eat it is the food that is scared.
Tom, I'm asking you as a man to stop this immediately!
The important thing is the dam is never happening, and your dream has been crushed
Tom, we're already late. Now be a man and sit on that girl's lap!
We need to get Leslie something that erases the enormous emotional debt that has built up over years of this gift-giving imbalance
My first day of college my father dropped me off at the steel mill. He didn't think I should go to college, but I hitched a ride, enrolled, and learned a lot.
Of all my coworkers he is one of a small number of whom I do not actively root against...uh, there I go again gettin' all sappy.
Every two weeks I need to sand down my toe nails. They're too strong for clippers.
It is a beautiful night for the end of the world.
We have one activity planned: not getting killed.
Leslie, NO! We use that stuff to burn warts off mules!
My first ex-wife's name is Tammy, my second ex-wife's name is Tammy. My Mom's name is Tamara... she goes by Tammy.
I hope the rest of your day is cool beans
Catching the number twelve bus to Satan's butthole?
An hour ago an entire fireball consumed my entire face and it was far preferable to spending another second with you.
I have cried twice in my life. Once when I was seven and I was hit by a school bus. And then again when I heard that Li'l Sebastian had passed
This is my favorite part about having a new city manager. They always try to shake things up and their ideas are terrible and it brings city hall to a grinding halt. I just grab a few donuts, sit back, and enjoy the show.
I don't like loud noises and people making a fuss. And I especially don't like people celebrating, because they know a piece of private information about me. Plus the whole thing is a scam. Birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards.
Everyone shut up and look at me!
Here's mine. It's a hamburger made out of meat on a bun with nothing. Add ketchup if you want I couldn't care less.
Listen, I've eaten a commissary hamburger for lunch every day for twelve years. I just wanted to make sure this pointless health crusade won't affect the only part of my job that I like.
When I'm done eating a Mulligan's meal, for weeks afterwards, there are flecks of meat in my mustache. And I refuse to clean it because every now and then a piece of meat will fall into my mouth.
You may have thought you heard me say I wanted a lot of bacon and eggs, but what I said was: Give me all the bacon and eggs you have.
I'm going to type every word I know! Rectangle. America. Megaphone. Monday. Butthole.
I like Andy. I'm surrounded by a lot of women in this department. And that includes the men.
Well, I am not usually one for speeches. So, goodbye.
